I noticed that you're not driving in a
straight line is there a method to this
madness oh absolutely yeah that's a good
observation you have to consider what we
call your approach and departure angles
of where you can lift the front of the
vehicle and get it to its highest point
so that you you maximize your your
height your clearance height that's the
most important thing very important to
keep all tires on the ground nobody's
ever want to race with their tires in
the air keep all your tires your tires
are your biggest advantage here there's
what going to make you get over whether
it's bouldering racing rutting anything
and so can you show us some of the
maneuvers that you use and your network
for future pumps sure obviously because
we're off road here we're gonna just do
a little bit of what we call kind of
just a very clean change of direction a
180 and kind of like Gupta Hazzard style
we're gonna kind of drift the rear end
out a little bit we're gonna hit a
little bit of emergency brake and then
we're just going to kind of power
through it all right well let's have a
wrap
alright guys so the Jeep rally is coming
through long hell right now so let's
check it out and see all the excitement
here on the fdtv and you know what
Bridget these guys work on their trucks
six days a week to come out here on a
Sunday and tear them up so they can do
it all again for the next six days so
what's it going to enjoy the show
hey Denny so this is your park what is
the name of your park and how long have
you guys been around general Sams
off-road wilderness park and we've been
open since December forth the whole for
how many people have you seen come
through this part uh since December
fourth of 04 we've had 13,500 or
something Wow
all right Krista tell me this teacher of
what the Jeep's use would work well this
is just a small segment of the whole
trail but this is the thickest gooiest
mud which totally changes the dynamics
of your vehicle this is where we talk
about if you don't have the right tires
you can't spit that mud out and be ready
for the next obstacle it's in your way
this is what truly test the vehicle
alright so that is what I call real
awkward being filthy right that's all
part of it all right so Chris just
finished up his last my bath of the day
Chris how you feeling well I think we
earned our stripes or mud as they say
and I think hopefully we did general
Sams and then Texas proud I think so you
did awesome not very good too hey
instead thank you so much it was fun